PBM-1714 Add warning about pbm_config.yaml file usage (#350)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/reference/config.md

cluster. Otherwise, connect to the non-sharded replica set as normal. (See
[MongoDB connection strings - A Reminder (or Primer)](../details/authentication.md) if you are not familiar with MongoDB connection strings yet.)

!!! Note

>     You don't need to keep the pbm_config.yaml file after running the `pbm config` command. Make sure to delete it to prevent exposure of any sensitive information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You don’t need to keep the pbm_config.yaml file after running the pbm config command. Delete it to prevent potential exposure of sensitive information.
```
